HTTP basic auth support (#2269)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: examples/basic-auth/README.md

# Support for HTTP Basic Authentication

NGINX supports authenticating requests with [ngx_http_auth_basic_module](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_auth_basic_module.html).

> The Ingress controller provides the following 4 annotations for configuring JWT validation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ingress controller provides the following 2 annotations for configuring Basic Auth validation:
```

* Required: ```nginx.org/basic-auth-secret: "secret"``` -- specifies a Secret resource with a htpasswd user list. The htpasswd must be stored in the `htpasswd` data field. The type of the secret must be `nginx.org/htpasswd`.
* Optional: ```nginx.org/basic-auth-realm: "realm"``` -- specifies a realm.

```

## Example 1: The Same Htpasswd for All Paths

In the following example we enable HTTP Basic authentication for the cafe-ingress Ingress for all paths using the same htpasswd `cafe-htpasswd`:
```yaml
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: cafe-ingress
  annotations:
    nginx.org/basic-auth-secret: "cafe-passwd"
    nginx.org/basic-auth-realm: "Cafe App"
spec:
  tls:
  - hosts:
    - cafe.example.com
    secretName: cafe-secret
  rules:
  - host: cafe.example.com
    http:

>       paths:
>       - path: /tea
>         backend:
>           serviceName: tea-svc
>           servicePort: 80
>       - path: /coffee
>         backend:
>           serviceName: coffee-svc
>           servicePort: 80

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       paths:
       - path: /tea
          pathType: Prefix
          backend:
            service:
              name: tea-svc
              port:
                number: 80
        - path: /coffee
          pathType: Prefix
          backend:
            service:
              name: coffee-svc
              port:
                number: 80
```

```
* The keys must be deployed separately in the Secret `cafe-jwk`.
* The realm is  `Cafe App`.

## Example 2: a Separate Htpasswd Per Path

> In the following example we enable JWT validation for the [mergeable Ingresses](../mergeable-ingress-types) with a separate JWT key per path:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example we enable Basic Auth validation for the [mergeable Ingresses](../mergeable-ingress-types) with a separate Basic Auth user:password list per path:
```
